---
permalink: what-is-new/apr-17-2020/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: April 17, 2020
---

### Sitewide enhancements

* Added ability for opportunity creators to duplicate detail and lateral opportunities.
* Updated the opportunity preview page to display new fields in the **How to Apply** and **Requirements** sections. 
* Updated Search to include filters for part-time or full-time details.
* Added ability for Community Administrators to add and edit text that appears on community search page.
* Added a community attribute so communities can add a custom link to their search banner, such as a to link to USAJOBS
* Added help content for the **When** section on the create opportunity page.
* Updated the “application received” confirmation email that is sent to applicants to include a community search link.
* Added the ability for Admins to change the color of the search button in the community banner.
* Updated metrics to include details and laterals.
* Updated dropdown menus throughout the site to display in alphabetical order.
* Moved blue information bar to the right side of the opportunity preview page, to match the display of the opportunity when it’s posted.
* Updated metrics and the opportunity excel download file to include fields for the number of selectees and the number of completed applicants. 
* Added filler text on the **What’s new** section of the landing page when there is no new content to display.
<<<<<<< HEAD
* Fixed character count for the search banner description field, so users know exactly how many characters they have left.
=======
* Fixed character count for the search banner description field, so users know exactly how many characters they have left.
>>>>>>> 7293b6d0d5886b42ee62cb0e179fd0ae4ae175d4
