---
permalink: what-is-new/aug-07-2020/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: August 7, 2020
---

## Site-wide enhancements

* Revised the emails a user receives when:
  * Their opportunity hasn’t been marked as completed. 
  * Their opportunity has expired (updated subject line).
* Revised emails to explain how to renew their opportunity.
* Added an option for a community to use an external apply process. When the external apply process feature is turned on for a community, users who click **Apply** will leave Open Opportunities and go to another website to apply.
* Added a new **Saved people** feature. Users can:
  * Save a profile from the people search card view.
  * See all saved profiles under a new **Saved people** tab.
  * See suggested profiles under a new **Based on your job title** and **Based on your agency** section within the **Saved people** tab.
* Removed the **See other people like you** section from the landing page.
* Added a **Stories** feature on the **Administration** page. Sitewide administrators can:
  * Add up to 12 stories.
  * Add a name, photo, story text and a quote.
  * Sort stories.
* Added **Stories** to the signed out landing page.
* Implemented no downtime deployments.
* Increased database query performance on the user list and user export queries.
* Identified a more efficient method for storing calculated values.
* Identified a more user centric metrics dashboard.

## Bug fixes

* Fixed issue so when a user archives more than one saved search, their saved searches do not disappear.
