---
permalink: what-is-new/feb-07-2020/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: February 7, 2020
---

### Sitewide enhancements

* Updated email notifications for opportunity approval to only go to sitewide approvers,to decrease the number of emails going to administrators.
* Removed the yellow New Way to Sign In banner.
* Changed the button label “Edit at USAJOBS.gov”, in user profile, to read “Edit at USAJOBS”.
* Removed the display of user roles on profiles for non-administrator roles to meet security standards.
* Added field size and character limit indicator on the Create Opportunity page to help guide users when creating an opportunity.
* Added an Add/Remove functionality, so administrators can add and remove a Community Manager badge from a users’ profile. 
* Updated the Administrator Dashboard to link users’ names to their profile—now administrators can click a user’s name to go to their profile. 
*	Removed the Open Source link in site footer. 
*	Updated the Opportunity cards to ignore manually entered HTML to keep a consistent look and feel.
*	Revised the Open Opps favicon. 
*	Changed the Create Opportunity field label “Headline” to “Title”. 
*	Fixed a bug in email subject line so apostrophes don’t convert to special characters. 

### Department of State Internship Program changes

* Updated the user profile to allow multiple bureaus/offices/posts—now Bureau Internship Coordinators (BIC) can be coordinators for multiple bureaus.
* Added functionality so Bureau Internship Coordinators can approve internships for all of their assigned bureaus. 
*	Added a Withdraw feature so students can withdraw their application after the cycle closes.
*	Changed the Create Internship Opportunity field label “Headline” to “Title”. 
*	Added field size and character limit indicator on the Edit Internship Opportunity page to help guide users when editing internship information.
*	Fixed the layout of the USAJOBS logo in the internship emails. 
