---
permalink: what-is-new/jan-27-2020/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: January 27, 2020
---

### Sitewide enhancements

* Added a Community Manager badge to identify users as Community Managers.
* Created search results page specific for the Cyber community. 
* Added **Community** as a search filter.
* Created a vanity URL for Federal Acquisitions Institute (FAI) to make it easier for community members to view and share opportunities specific to acquisitions.
* Added functionality so opportunity creators can edit previously approved opportunities without sending it back through the workflow. 
* Added functionality to disable accounts after three years of inactivity to comply with security requirements and keep peoples data up-to-date.
* Created a new **Approver** role. Approvers are users who need to approve opportunities without managing other users.
* Updated the **Share Opportunity** email format to improve usability and readability.
* Added default text for the **Comment box** on opportunity detail pages telling users they can enter comments. 
* Updated the **Opportunity Submitted** email to clarify content and make it consistent.
* Removed duplicate badges from user profiles.
* Updated functionality to not display the **Posted date** until the opportunity has been approved. 
* Stopped using past dates from the estimated completion field date. 

### Department of State Student Internship Program Changes

* Added the **Bureau Internship Coordinator** role as a label in profiles.