---
permalink: what-is-new/jul-10-2020/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: July 10, 2020
---

### Site-wide enhancements

* Added a link to help center content explaining opportunity status.
* Added a link to help center content explaining application status.
* Added functionality so that co-owners of an opportunity can’t apply for that opportunity.
* Added functionality so that applicants of an opportunity can’t be co-owners of that opportunity.
* Added the ability for creators and system administrators to mark an applicant as “Complete” after an opportunity has closed.
* Updated the column label **Last updated** to **Application last updated**.
* Added the ability for users to save a search. Users can have a maximum of 10 saved searches. This change includes the ability to:
  * Click the **Save this search** link below the search box to create a saved search.
  * View **Participated** and **Saved opportunities** on the home page dashboard when a user is signed in.
  * View saved searches under a new **Saved searches** tab on the home page dashboard – this includes active and archived saved searches.
  * Sort saved searches by **Last updated** and **Name**.
  * View their results from an active saved search.
  * Edit a saved search when viewing the results.
  * Delete a saved search.
  * Renew a saved search for another year.
  * See an error message when trying to save more than 10 searches.
  * Added ability to receive email notifications by selecting an email notification checkbox. Unchecking the box turns off email notifications

### Bug fixes

* Removed the **Remove** link that was displayed underneath a user’s profile photo for non-sitewide administrators
* Fixed issue so users can’t apply for details or laterals twice.
* Fixed the broken help center link on the landing page next to **Your opportunities**.
