---
permalink: what-is-new/mar-23-2020/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: March 23, 2020
---

* Added a couple of new fields to the **Create Opportunity** form:
  * An option to select Detail as the opportunity type
  * A check box to indicate if the Detail is reimbursable. 
  * An option to select if the Detail is part-time or full-time.
* Updated the **Search** feature to include filters for part-time and full-time details.
* Added the ability for administrators to add a logo to the community attribute table— logos can be displayed on custom search banner and opportunities.
* Added the ability for administrators to change the background color or photo of the search banner on a community page.
* Revised the content on the **Let’s Get Started Modal** to clarify next steps after selecting an applicant.
* Updated the metrics to include the number of opportunities created by opportunity type.
* Updated opportunity Excel file to include type of opportunity.
* Added instructional text above the **Apply** button to indicate if an opportunity is limited to employees of a specific agency—this only displays if the opportunity is limited to an agency.
* Added functionality to display “not eligible to apply” for users who try to apply to an agency specific opportunity, and the user is not part of that agency.  
* Updated the community search pages to display all opportunities, regardless of whether the opportunity is limited to an agency or not.
* Updated the landing page to only display communities that have opportunities currently open.
