---
permalink: what-is-new/may-15-2020/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: May 15, 2020
---

### Site-wide enhancements

* Added new functionality to select or not select an applicant, including
  * A green success banner after an opportunity creator clicks **Select** or **Don’t-select** for an applicant. 
  * An applicant status box to indicate if an applicant has been marked as **Selected** or **Not-selected**.
  * A **Change selection** button so opportunity creators can change the status of an applicant (i.e. Change from Selected to Not Selected)
* Revised the **Opportunity search results** to display 20 opportunity cards per page on desktop and on mobile.
* Added number from “How many people do you need?” field in .csv so administrator users can view metrics.
* Removed the word “topic” from the hint text in the opportunity keyword search box.
* Updated the **No search results** page text to better explain how to get the results they are looking for.
* Added functionality so using the **Enter** key will submit entries in the search and comment fields.
* Changed “5+” to “6+” on the **Create an opportunity** page to avoid confusion for users.
* Removed “Draft”, “Submitted”, “Not Open” and “Cancelled” filters from opportunity search for administrators, because it’s redundant.
* Added keyword autocomplete on all search pages to improve usability.
* Added Sitewide Approver to the **Sort by** dropdown on the Manage Users page.
* Revised the layout of the **Manage Users** page to reduce the need to scroll.
* Added the agency name to the opportunity card displayed in search results and to the opportunity overview page.
* Updated the text in the **Disable community** warning modal.
* Updated the text in the **Inactive community** warning banner.
* Added mailto links to user emails in the administrator dashboard.
* Added functionality so opportunity creators can email multiple applicants.
* Updated detail length options on the **Create opportunity** page.

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed display of opportunities on a community page—this helps a signed-in user, who is part of a sub-agency, to see all opportunities they can apply for.
* Fixed 508 compliance issues.
* Fixed issue where metrics in Administrator view were incorrect.
