---
permalink: release-notes/apr-2023/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: April 2023
---
## Changes made April 28, 2023
### Communities

* Created a toggle to turn off and on the two-year validation text for the **Expected graduation date fields** on the **Internship application step 2** page.
* Updated the **Manage users table** to remove federal and contract members of a student community if they do not provide a federal email address.
* Updated and organized the downloadable .csv links on the **student community dashboard** page.
* Created an education report (.csv) for student cyclical communities.
* Added an **Application limit toggle** to the **community setting page** to limit the number of applications a student can submit in a student community cycle.

### Internships

* Updated the **Step 3 application** page to include text fields for adding skills.
* Created an **Approved** status for internships that have been approved but are not yet open.
* Updated the **student profile** page so users can sort the education.
* Changed the button text on the **Confirm approval** modal to **Approve** instead of “Publish”.
* Updated the **What happens next?** page to move the demographics text from the main section to the right rail.
* Revised the design of the success banner that displays when a student applies to an internship. The banner now uses the slim design.
* Updated the **student application process** with the following:
  * Added the internship creator and co-owner names to the right rail informational text section.
  * Added required languages and proficiency levels to the right rail informational text section.
  * Added the student’s education details to the **step 4 review** page.

* Updated the **internship detail** page to display a **max application warning** when a student has reached the application limit of a cycle.  

### Bug fixes

* Fixed an issue on the **Step 1 internship creation** page, so if user hits the "Enter" key on any free form text field, they do not go to the **Add a language** page.
* Fixed several 508 issues.

## Changes made April 14, 2023 
### Sitewide 

* Updated the data and title of the **TopContributors_FY23_created.csv** file that is on the sitewide administrator dashboard page.
* Completed **Azure KeyVault additions and code changes**.
* Updated the federal employment statement on the **Edit profile** page. 

### Opportunities 

* Added a **Reimbursable** search filter to the **opportunities search** page. 

### Internships 

* Removed the blue **What happens next?** section that displays when a creator creates a cyclical internship.
* Removed the **Internships** section from the **student profile** page.
* Added an **Education** section to the **student profile** page.
* Added an **Expected graduation date** field and a **Degree or level attained** dropdown to the **Step 2 internship application** page.
* Updated the **Add a reference** page found during the **internship application process** to allow for an email address or phone number, but not both. 

### Bug fixes 

* Fixed an issue where community administrators could not see the red “X” icon used for deleting internships from the **Manage internships** tab.
