---
permalink: release-notes/apr-2022/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: April, 2022
---

## Changes made April 29, 2022
### Sitewide enhancements   

* Created an automated demographic report. 
 
#### Internships

* Added an **Email settings** section on the student profile page. 
* Created a success banner that displays when a student makes an update to their email settings. 
* Added **Required languages** to the internship detail page. 
* Added two emails:
  * An email sent to a primary owner of an internship when they have been made co-owner.
  * An email sent to an internship co-owner when they have been made a primary owner. 

* Added the ability for internship creators and co-owners to cancel an internship. 
* Added internship metrics to the sitewide administrator’s dashboard. 

#### Communities 

* Created a **Manage internships** tab for student community administrators. 

### Bug fixes  

* Fixed a paging issue on the **Networking** page. 
* Fixed a display issue so submitted internships will display on the sitewide administrator’s dashboard. 
* Fixed several 508 issues across the site.

## Changes made April 15, 2022
### Sitewide enhancements  

* Launched a new Student Internship feature. Federal employees can create internship opportunities and “students” can apply to the internships. The internship feature includes:
  * A selection process so internship creators can review application details and select or reject student applicants.
  * New statuses for student internships; Open, Reviewing applications, In progress and Complete. A dedicated page for administrators to manage internships and add co-owners to student internships.
  * A dedicated search page and filters for internship opportunities.
  * A custom survey to send to internship creators when an internship is completed.  
  * The ability to award badges when a student internship is completed.

* The student internship feature will let students:
  * Upload a resume or transcript.
  * Indicate language proficiency.
  * Select skills during the application process.

### Communities 

* Redesigned the community cards. 
* Updated the community filters to include:
  * All communities
  * Student communities
  * Federal communities

* Created a new community type for student internships.
* Removed the Applicant management and Opportunity page and apply process sections for student communities.
* Added a toggle to enable Language and GPA requirements for student communities.
* Added the ability to create an internship within a student community.
* Added discussion boards to student communities. 

### Bug fixes 

* Fixed an issue so toggling off community stories and events will remove them from the community profile page.
* Fixed an issue so the **Back to results** link goes to the correct page.
* Fixed an issue so the banner goes away after withdrawing an application.
* Fixed an issue so past events no longer continue to display on the search page.
* Fixed an issue so a link will display the correct color when revisiting a page.  

## Changes made April 1, 2022    
### Sitewide enhancements

* Updated the formatting of the certificates we issue when a user completes an opportunity or internship. 

### Other

* Made several changes to support the future internship opportunity feature. These changes are not live yet.

### Bug fixes

* Fixed an issue where some federal employees were not able to create an account. 
* Fixed an issue where creators were re-directed to the home page instead of the profile page when selecting an applicant.
