---
permalink: release-notes/aug-21-2020/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: August 21, 2020
---

### Site-wide enhancements

- Added the ability to display user stories and testimonials on the site.
- Added ability for a user to save another user’s profile to a **Saved People** page.
- Updated metrics for sitewide admins to include the number of laterals.
- Updated the saved search feature to require unique name.
- Added ability to save an opportunity from the search results page.
- Added help content for saved searches.
- Updated the applicant section on an opportunity so it expands when **Continue accepting applications** is toggled on.
- Updated the location field on the **Create opportunity** page to use autocomplete.
- Increased the character limit in the community description field.
- Added markdown to the title and subtitle fields on the community administration page.
- Made several changes to support the **NOAA community**. Added the following:
  - A **Line Office and Program** section to the Manage Community page.
  - The ability to add, edit and delete an existing **Line Office or Program**.
  - A **Community LOM** column to the **Manage** users section.
  - A **Line Office and Program** section to the profile for NOAA community members.
  - The Line Office and Program field to the user csv.

### Bug Fixes

- Fixed issue so that the saved search message displays when an additional filter is added to a search.
- Fixed issue to include a community image in the email for a new opportunity.
