---
permalink: release-notes/aug-06-2021/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: August 06, 2021
---

## Sitewide enhancements
### Mentoring

* Updated the profile to show mentoring status.
* Added a mentorship section to **Profile** edit page.
* Updated the people card to display mentoring status.
* Added a Mentorship filter to the **Networking** page.
* Added a new **Creator** badge. 
* Added alt text to the **Mentor** badge. 
* Added ability to manually assign the **Mentor** badge to users. 
* Added a new email notification when a **Mentor** badge is assigned. 

### Endorsement

* Added ability for opportunity creators to leave endorsements for participants.
  * Added an endorsement modal during the Task complete process. 
  * Updated the **Task complete** email notification to include any endorsement.
* Updated the user **Profile** to display their endorsements. 

### People search

* Changed **People search** to **Your network** on profile settings.
* Changed **Saved people** tab on homepage to **Your network**.
* Updated the **Home** page and **Search** page with a notification that highlights the new networking feature.
* Added a **Search people** button on **Your network** tab. 
* Added ability for users who are not signed in to see the **Networking** page. 
* Revised text on right rail of **Search opportunities** page. 

## Bug fixes

* Removed the ability for line/program office managers to click on .csv files.
* Fixed the opportunity application from sending error messages.
* Resolved elastic search duplication for user profiles.
