---
permalink: release-notes/dec-02-2019/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: December 02, 2019
---

### Sitewide enhancements

- Updated sitewide opportunity .csv file to show in progress metrics.

### State Department Internship Program changes

#### Content changes

- Updated content to clarify the closing time of 11:59 p.m. ET and to submit prior to 11:59 p.m. ET
- Added new content to the Update modal for State internships to clarify you must submit if you update the application.
- Updated content on the Next Steps page of the internship application to describe when data is pulled from the USAJOBS profile.
- Added content about how to update an application to the What’s Next page.
- Updated student application submitted email to include information on how to update your application.
- Updated the applicant status labels – changed Selected to Primary Select and Alternate to Alternate Select.

#### Changes to community member profile, managing communities and managing internships

- Added bureau and office/post to State community members profile.
- Added a tip for State community members to add a bureau and office/post to their profile (if they don't have one).
- Added bureau and office/post to the state user dashboard.
- Added functionality so the approver email is only sent to the community manager associated to the bureau and office/post. If no community manager is associated, all community managers will continue to receive the email.
- Removed the “virtual” option when creating a student internship.
- Added functionality so community managers can add, edit or delete the bureau and office/post data on their own.
- Added functionality to restrict cycle from being changed once an internship is approved.

#### Metrics updates

- Added drafts to the State internship dashboard metrics.
- Updated interactions metrics.

#### File download updates

- Updated State internship .csv file to add number of positions and locations
- Updated the State user .csv file to include bureau and office/post for users
- Updated the State .csv interactions download to add counts for primary selections, alternate selections and successfully completed

#### Audit and tracking data updates

- Added tracking for application submit and update dates.
- Added tracking for who deleted an internship, including task number, title and creator.
- Added functionality so internships will no longer go back to submit status when edited after being approved.
- Added ATP close date on Open Opportunities cycle page.

### Bugs fixed

- Fixed the link in the State submitted application email to correctly take students to their dashboard.
- Fixed metrics on State incomplete applications dashboard.
- Resolved issue where community managers can’t change the owner of an internship.
- Resolved issue where community managers can’t see the applicants on the internship.
- Fixed issue where Manage User search wouldn’t allow for full name search.
- Resolved issue where iPhone loads pictures sideways on user profile.
