---
permalink: release-notes/dec-2023/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: December 2023
---

## Changes made December 22, 2023
### Sitewide

* Completed an inventory of all the icons used across the site.

### Opportunities

* Continued work on the right rail re-design of opportunities.

## Communities

* Updated the script used in generating the community_internships.csv to improve load times.

### Bugs

* Fixed a 508-compliance issue with the **Create an opportunity** button on the home page.
* Fixed overlapping skills and community profile text on the community card.
* Fixed an issue with the **Internship start date** field to remove the validation outline when a user updates the field with a correct date.
* Fixed the internship infographic on the **Administrator’s dashboard** page so it does not display off the page.
* Fixed the **How many interns are needed?** field on the **Internship creation step 1** page to add missing validation.

## Changes made December 8, 2023
### Sitewide

* Updated the default signature that displays in the sitewide messages we send out.

### Opportunities

* Continued work on the right rail re-design of opportunities.

### Communities

* Updated the **Community settings** page to move the **Community logo upload** field and functionality from the **Community search banner** drawer to the **Community configuration** drawer.

### Bugs

* Fixed an issue where users were being navigated to the login page when clicking on an opportunity or internship search card.

