---
permalink: release-notes/feb-2023/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: February 2023
---
## Changes made February 17, 2023
### Sitewide

* Completed research for the future contact us page.
* Replaced several success banners with a smaller “snack bar” design that displays when a user:
  * Creates a draft opportunity or internship.
  * Withdraws an internship application.
  * Cancels an internship.
  * Sends an opportunity invite email.
  * Deletes multiple messages on the **Messages** page.
  * Saves a story.

* Redesigned the **Stay informed banner** that displays on the sitewide **Events** page to a slim banner.
* Updated the color of the **Edit** button that displays in the **Saved searches** section.
* Removed the **Select all** option from the filters on the **Networking** page.

### Opportunities

* Removed the **Select all** option from the filters on the **Opportunity** search page. 
*	Removed unnecessary text that displays when there are no search results on the **Opportunity search** page.
* Updated the **Opportunity creation** and **Edit step 1** page to use date picker fields.
* Updated the **User profile** page to use date picker fields in the **Manage applicants** section.
* Added more contrast to the text color on the networking ad on the **Opportunity search** page.

### Internships

* Updated the format of the **Completed on** date.

### Communities

* Changed the background color of the **Communities** page to use gray for more contrast.

### Bug fixes
Fixed the following issues:

* Several 508 compliance issues.
* On the **User’s profile** page so multiple organization levels do not display the same data.  
* The **Networking** callout so it’s no longer misaligned.
* Stopping special characters from displaying in the subject line of an email.
* On several pages so the **Sign out** link will not display next to the **Administrator** heading.
* The **Join community** and **Leave community** buttons to update correctly when a user joins or leaves a community.
* On the **User profile** page, fixed the **+ Add badge** button to not overlap with the **Remove** text in the badges section.
* On the **User profile** page, fixed the text in the **About** section and **Skills** section, so it does not extend out of those sections and off the page.
* Removed special characters from the **Save** button on the **You have unsaved changes** modal.
* On the **Featured story card**, fixed the quotations to not overlap with the story content.

## Changes made February 3, 2023
### Sitewide

* Replaced the success banners with a smaller “snack bar” design that displays when a user: 

  * Saves a search.
  * Withdraws an opportunity or internship application.
  * Selects or does not select an applicant.
  * Adds an endorsement.
  * Joins a community.
  * Adds a post to a community discussion.
  * Saves changes on the community settings page.
  * Creates a new community.
  * Creates a new community story.
  * Creates a sitewide event.
  * Deletes a message using the trash can icon found in the message card.
  * Updates their privacy and email settings.
  * Makes changes to the user profile page.
  * Adds or removes a badge from a user’s profile.
  * Creates or edits a community cycle.
  * Submits or updates an internship application.
  * Submits or updates a detail or lateral opportunity application.

### Opportunities

* Updated the **opportunity search** page layout so the filters section top aligns with the search results section. 

### Internships

* Updated the **internship search** page layout so the filters section top aligns with the search results. 

### Bug fixes

* Fixed an issue on the **Add story** page to prevent the user moving back one page if they click their ‘Enter’ key in a text field. 
* Fixed an issue so validation text will display when adding a sub-organization on the **Step 1** page of the opportunity creation process.
