---
permalink: release-notes/feb-05-2021/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: February 5, 2021
---
## Sitewide enhancements
### Skills Engine

* Added a **Recommended opportunities** tab to the landing page for signed in users. This tab displays the first six recommended opportunities that match a user based on their profile (skills and biography) and the skills on an opportunity.
* Added a **Good**, **Better** and **Best** indicator to matching opportunities. This helps a user know how well an opportunity matches their profile.
* Updated the search results default to sort by **Profile match**.
* Added a new **Profile match** filter on the search page to filter opportunities by good, better, and best match.
* Removed completed opportunities from skills search filters to improve system performance

## Other

* Added a new toggle to the community attribute page so community managers can determine where applicant lists will display for all signed in users for opportunities posted in the community.
* Added a new **Ambassador badge** to award users who are proactive supporters of Open Opportunities. The badge will display in the profile.
* Made the location field required on the **Create opportunity** page for in-person opportunities.
* Updated the series filter to show all series in a list.
* Updated help center links to reflect new help center navigation.

## Bug Fixes

* Fixed several 508 compliance issues.
* Limited the mm/dd/yyyy fields to 2 or 4 characters respectively.
* Removed special characters appearing in some emails.
* Updated a help link on the home page to open in a new window.
* Resolved issue with emails going to participants login.gov email instead of federal email.
* Resolved issues with mobile display of series on communities and community attribute page.
