---
permalink: release-notes/jan-13-2020/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: January 13, 2020
---

### Sitewide enhancements

- Reordered metric dashboards to show current year, quarter and month to display most current information up front.
- Added functionality so administrators can search for users by email.
- Updated the message to notify a user if they haven’t provided a biography or skills, when submitting an application for an opportunity.
- Added the ability for sitewide administrators to remove applicants from opportunities.
- Added the ability to link deactivated accounts (future) to the old account if a later sign in is attempted.

### State Department Internship Program changes

- Added a requirement for State creators to have a bureau and office/post in their profile before they can create an internship.
- Added required security clearance to the internship applicant view.
- Changed the field label from Secondary application link to Exclusive job announcement.
- Added a new field to the cycle table for Exclusive posting end date.
- Updated selectee and alternate emails with:
  - Updated security clearance language for when “None” is selected.
  - The name of the internship.
  - Revised language for the cycle description.
  - The exclusive posting end date to indicate when they must complete the exclusive posting.
- Created a new user role of Bureau Internship Coordinator (BIC) that can approve internships for their bureau.
  - Added a toggle to the manage user dashboard for State where community managers can give and remove BIC access.
- Updated the UI so student intern applicants can view the list of internships they applied to and its information, after the apply cycle has closed.
