---
permalink: release-notes/jan-2023/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: January, 2023
---
## Changes made January 20, 2023 

### Sitewide 

* Updated the date and time format in the **Administration** section including: 

  * Manage Opportunities page  
  * Manage Internships page  

### Opportunities 

* Updated the date and time format in the **federal and contract user dashboards**, including: 

  * Recommended Opportunities tab 
  * Step 4 Opportunity creation review page 

### Internships 

* Updated the date and time format in the **student user dashboard**, including:  

  * Recommended internships tab 
  * Saved searches section.  
  * Step 4 Internship creation review page.  

### Communities 

* Created a customized **certificate of completion** for internships in the **VSFS student community**.  
* Added a link to the community profile page in the **Community updated** success banner.  

### Bug fixes 

* Fixed an issue with the **Add**, **Edit** and **Cycles** page, so when users click Enter in a text field, they do not navigate away from the page.  
* Fixed an issue with the opportunity cards on the **Opportunity search page**, so the community’s name does not overlap the agency name. 

## Changes made January 6, 2023 

### Sitewide 

* Synced the Open Opportunities occupational series data table with the USAJOBS data table.  
* Updated the date and time format across the site:  

  * Home page 
  * Profile page 
  * Networking page 
  * Opportunity and internship cards 
  * Opportunity and internship detail page 
  * Messages page 
  * Community profile and discussion pages 
  * Sitewide, agency and community administration pages 
  * Manage users page 
  * Manage opportunities and internships page 
  * Featured event card 

* Increased the standard line height for text to 1.54 across the site including:  

  * Main CSS
  * Profile page
  * Demographics section
  * About me page
  * Edit profile page
  * Skills page (student users)
  * Skills and mentorships page (federal and contract users)
  * Sitewide, agency and community administration dashboard pages
  * Homepage including the **What’s new** tab and **Post your next project** banner (for federal and contract users)
  * Internship search page including the banner section and internship card
  * Opportunity search page, including the banner section and opportunity card
  * Community card, including **Who we are**
  * Community profile page and these sections: 
    * Who we are 
    * What we do 
    * Who can join 
    * Key resources  

  * Community discussion page, including the intro text and ground rules in the left rail and the community discussion card title
  * Community internship search page, including the banner
  * Community story page, including the main story text

* Removed oxford commas from the placeholder text in the **Manage Users search bar**. 

### Opportunities 

* Updated the tracker UI that displays during the opportunity creation process. The tracker helps to navigate through the steps of the creation process.  
* Updated the apply pages for **Detail** and **Lateral opportunities**: 

  * Removed the resume upload process content from the right rail. 
  * Added resume cards.  
  * Added a modal that displays when a user uploads a resume.  
  
* Removed oxford commas from the tracker UI on the opportunity creation pages. 

### Internships 

* Updated the notification emails that we send when an internship has been inactive for 90 or 120 days. 
* Removed oxford commas from the tracker UI on the internship creation pages and the right rail of the **Add language** page.   

### Communities 

* Added a **My communities** tab to the community page.  
* Updated the community filters to display on the community page when a user is signed out.  
* Moved the **Federal communities** filter to display before the **Student communities** filter on the communities page.  
* Updated the community cards to display **Joined** if a user is a community member.  
* Created a **Community communication** drawer.  
* Added a toggle to display a community logo in emails sent by a community.   
* Enabled community administrators to view a user's email address if they are a member of the community.  
* Removed all oxford commas from the the community page and community profile page.  

### Bug fixes 

Fixed the following issues: 

* Fixed skills engine so it will update when a user creates an opportunity.  
* Removed hyphenation on the Open Opportunities landing page when viewed using Safari.  
* Removed overlapping of the event time and date on the event card.  
* Fixed community administrators so they can view an applicant's profile using the applicant tables.  
* Prevented in-progress internships from displaying on the recommended internships page. 
