---
permalink: release-notes/jul-2022/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: July 2022
---

## Changes made July 26, 2022
### Internships

* Added a **Congratulations** message to the internship page that a student applicant will see if they have been selected for the internship. This message will only appear for internships that are in a community with the **Accept/Decline** feature turned on.  
* Added the ability for a student applicant to **Accept** or **Decline** an internship via two buttons under the **Congratulations** message of an internship. 
* Added specific messaging that appears on an internship page when an applicant accepts, declines or chooses another internship. 
* Updated the **Selected**, **Rejected** and **Applicant** tables to display if an applicant accepts, declines, or chooses another internship. 
* Updated the selected applicants table to display if an applicant is still pending a response.
* Created two confirmation modals for **Accepting** or **Declining** an internship. 
* Updated the **Confirm your final selection** modal describing the accept or decline process for internship creators.

### Communities

Created the following:

* A .csv file and download link containing internship data for community administrators. 
* An **Apply process** drawer on the community settings page. This includes settings for the student application process.
* An **Accept/Decline** feature toggle for student internships.   

## Bug fixes

Fixed the following issues:

* A validation error displaying when a user enters a postal code outside of the United States. 
* Displaying the wrong number of internships in the **Open** status on the **Manage internships** table for sitewide administrators.
* Sending multiple **Confirm your email address** messages to a single user. 

## Changes made July 8, 2022
   
### Sitewide enhancements   

* Updated several help content links in the following areas of the site:
  * **Saved** section on the **Student dashboard**.
  * **Status** section on the **Internship detail** page.
  * **Manage internships** page when viewed as a sitewide admin. 

* Added a column for **Withdrawn applicants**, **Co-owner name** and **Co-owner email** to the sitewide administrators’ opportunity report.  

### Internships

* Updated the **Application review** page to show selected **Language and skills** level.
* Added a 30-minute and 5-minute countdown banner to the internship application process to let a user know how much time is left to apply.
* Made the **Resume** and **Transcript** cards, that display during the application process, to be clickable.
* Updated the **Student dashboard** to show an internships' status as **Selected**, **Not selected** and **Canceled**.
* Updated the button text to say **Update application** when a user is updating an application after they already submitted it.
* Added a **Search for open internships** button to internships that are no longer in an Open status.
* Created the following emails that will be sent to:
  * A creator when a student applies to one of their internships.
  * A student when they have started an application but have not submitted it before the application due date.
  * An internship creator when a student withdraws an application from their internship.
  * An applicant when an internship is canceled.

* Created new success banners that display when:
  * A student successfully updates an application.
  * A creator cancels an internship. 

* Added a modal that displays when a non-U.S. citizen attempts to apply to an internship.
* Added congratulatory text that displays on the internship page when a student has been selected for an internship.
* Added three new tables to the **Manage internships** page for sitewide administrators:
  * Completed
  * In-progress
  * Canceled 

* Added functionality to automatically include the skills in a user’s profile in their internship application.
* Added the ability for students to add, edit, or delete skills when applying to an internship. 

### Bug fixes

Fixed the following issues:

* Some internship applicants not being able to upload a resume.
* Showing inactive communities on the communities page.
* Co-owner cards overlapping in the co-owner section of the internship page.
* Search criteria not saving when using the back link.
* A modal displaying incorrectly when a user signs in, saying the user had hit the three-internship limit.
* When typing a user’s first name and capitalizing the first letter in the search field of a community, no results would display.
* The end of sentence ellipses not showing on the last line of text in the **Statement of interest** section of an internship application. 
