---
permalink: release-notes/jul-2023/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: July 2023
---

## Changes made July 21, 2023
### Sitewide

* Performed technical debt tasks to remove code that is no longer used.
* Updated the data check method between USAJOBS and Open Opportunities prompting users to update their USAJOBS profile when critical information is missing.
* Updated the text on the **Inactive account** page to be clearer about actions a user needs to take.
* Completed several technical debt clean-up tasks.
* Updated the sign in process to check for a guest account on USAJOBS. 

### Communities

* Removed the ability for creators and co-owners to update the cycle of an internship when the internship is in progress.
* Updated the **student_community_internships.csv** download to include the federal email address of co-owners.
* Added a cycle dropdown to the **Applications** page of cyclical student communities.
* Updated the community cards to display **Pending approval** when a user has requested to join a community and is still waiting for approval.
* Updated the banners that display at the top of the page when a community administrator is viewing the profile page of federal, contract and student users. 

### Bugs

* Fixed an issue where users could not continue when adding profile information on the **Create an account** page.

## Changes made July 7, 2023  
### Sitewide

* Made several backend updates to remove code that is no longer used.

### Communities

* Updated the **Certificate of Completion** to include a custom signature name and title. A user receives this certificate when they complete an internship or opportunity task.
* Enabled the **Join community** button to display for closed communities.
* Created a modal that displays when a user tries to join a closed community.
* Created an email that is sent to community administrators when a user tries to join a closed community.
* Added a notification that displays when a user successfully requests to join a closed community.
* Updated the student community **Manage cycles** page to uncheck the **Active cycle** checkbox when the internship dates of a cycle have past.

### Internships

* Created an email that is sent to community and sitewide administrators when an internship has not been approved and is approaching the application due date.

### Opportunities

* Added a notification that displays when a user has successfully applied to a one-time or recurring opportunity.
* Updated the **Who can apply** text to display “Open to all federal employees” when an opportunity is open to all federal employees.
* Created a modal that displays when an applicant's resume fails to download or does not display.

### Bugs

* Fixed an issue with the internship detail page so it now loads for internships created outside of a community.
* Fixed an issue so users who have an incomplete profile do not get an error page.
* Fixed an issue so community administrators who click on a user’s name will go to the correct page.
* Fixed an issue on the **Recommended internships** page so both **Approved** and **Open** internships display.
