---
permalink: release-notes/jul-24-2020/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: July 24, 2020
---

## Site-wide enhancements

- Added several messaging alerts and modals to display messaging to users, including:

  - A warning alert that displays when an opportunity is about to expire.
  - A confirmation modal that displays when a user deletes an opportunity.
  - A warning alert that displays when a user’s profile is missing a biography and skills.
  - A confirmation modal that displays when a user clicks **Cancel** on an opportunity.
  - A confirmation alert that displays when a user clicks to save a search.
  - A success alert that displays when a user clicks to **Renew** an opportunity
  - A warning alert that displays when a user has one or more opportunities that are at 91 days of inactivity and are in Open status.

- Created several new emails to send to:

  - Opportunity creators on the day an opportunity is due and it hasn’t been completed.
  - Opportunity creators 7 days before an opportunity is due.
  - Opportunity creator and applicants when the opportunity is overdue.
  - A user when their saved search is 5 days from expiring, reminding them to renew the opportunity if they’d like to keep it.
  - Opportunity creators on the 91st calendar day of inactivity, asking if they’d like to keep it their opportunity open.
  - Opportunity creators when their opportunity has been inactive for 120+ days letting them know it has been removed from search due to inactivity.

- Updated administration so that when a community manager or sitewide administrator is logged in, they are not able to add a participant to a detail or lateral that is In progress, Open, or Not open.
- Made several updates to the opportunity page:
  - Moved the **Duplicate** and **Share** to the same line as skills.
  - Moved **Edit** and **Cancel** to a new line below **Duplicate** and **Share**.
  - Added a **Delete** link to draft opportunities.
- Made changes to the dashboard/homepage:
  - Added a **Saved opportunities** section.
  - Changed the **Delete** column header to **Renew**. This option displays for open opportunities that have been open for 91+ days.
- Added a **Save** feature on opportunities—users can click the gold star on the opportunity card and details to save an opportunity.
- Updated the opportunity CSV on the Administrator, Agency and Community dashboards to indicate when an opportunity is disabled because a community is disabled (disabled will be added to the name)
- Added a functionality to move an opportunity from **Open** status to **Not Open** when there has been 120+ days of inactivity on an opportunity.

## Bug fixes

- Fixed issue where estimated completion date did not appear in the blue box on the opportunity detail page.
