---
permalink: release-notes/jun-26-2020/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: June 26, 2020
---

## Site-wide enhancements

- Updated the display of applicants for laterals—users who are not a community manager, sitewide admin or the opportunity owner, will only see an applicant count. They will not see the list of applicants.
- Updated the display of **View** application for laterals and details—the link will only display for creators, community managers, and sitewide administrators.
- Updated the display of **View** profile—the link will display for all applicants, creators and sitewide admins for one-time and ongoing opportunities.
- Added functionality to applicant selection feature
  - If an applicant is marked as **Not-selected**, the user can change the status to **Selected**.
  - If an applicant has been marked as **Selected**, the user can change the status to **Not-selected**.
- Added ability to sort by **Community** on the manage opportunities page.
- Moved the **Commitment** search filter under **Community** on all search pages.
- Added ability for opportunity participants to print a certificate of completion after completing an opportunity.
- Added ability to assign any user as an opportunity owner when the community is **Open**.
- Added ability for creators and admins to mark a participant as complete after an opportunity has closed.
- Added functionality to add a co-owner to an opportunity including:
  - An **Add co-owner** button and flow that lets users search for and add a co-owner.
  - The ability for users to see all opportunities for which they are a co-owner on their dashboard.
  - A new **Co-owners** section on the opportunity page that displays all the co-owners of the opportunity.
  - A **Make primary** link that lets a user change the primary owner of the opportunity.
  - The ability for opportunity creators to remove co-owners from an opportunity.
  - Displaying a confirmation modal when a user requests to remove a co-owner from an opportunity.

## Bug fixes

- Fixed issue so users without additional profile information show up in change owner search.
- Fixed issue so that field headers don’t display when a field is left blank on the create opportunity page.
- Fixed issue so that skills links on the home page don’t go to the “Oops” page.
