---
permalink: release-notes/jun-2023/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: June 2023
---

## Changes made June 23, 2023
### Sitewide

* Added a **Find communities** button to the landing page.
* Added a **Find communities** check box to the landing page drawer of the content tab for sitewide administrators—the check box controls whether the **Find communities** button appears on the landing page.
* Updated the following banners to use the USWDS slim banner design:
  * Renew opportunity
  * Get recommend opportunities
  * Enhance your profile

### Communities

* Created a toggle for communities to limit opportunities to only community members.
* Added text to the **Who can apply** section on the **Opportunity detail** page and **Step 4 review** page to indicate when a community is limited to community members.
* Updated the opportunities that are limited to community members to only display on the search page for community members.
* Added text above the **Apply** button to indicate when an opportunity is only available for community members.
* Added a modal that displays when a user is not a member of a community and applies to an opportunity that is limited to community members.
* Added text and a check box to the **Step 1 opportunity creation** page telling creators if an opportunity will be limited to community members.
* Updated duplicated opportunities to have the limit to community members checkbox checked if the opportunity being duplicated has the checkbox checked.
* Updated the user dashboard to remove communities that have the **Limit who can apply** toggle turned on from the **Search opportunities by** section.
* Updated the **Invite to opportunity** modal to only display community members in the dropdown when an opportunity is limited to community members.
* Created a **Related communities** toggle on the **Community settings** page.
* Added a **Related communities** field to the **Community settings** page when the related communities toggle is turned on.
* Added a **Related communities** section to the **Community profile** page of communities with the related communities toggle set to on.

### Internships

* Added an information “i” icon to the **Student internship ranking table** to describe how to use the ranking table.
* Disabled the **Student internship ranking table** for inactive cycles.
  
## Changes made June 9, 2023
### Sitewide

* Added an **Internships created** infographic to the top contributor’s section of the sitewide administrator dashboard page.
* Added a **.csv download link** to download the data in the **Internships created** infographic.
* Added a **Community** column to the **Created** table on the dashboard.
* Added ability to **sort by Community** to the **Created** table on the dashboard page.
* Removed the **agency heading** from the student user profile page.

### Communities

* Updated the **Applicant cap** functionality to calculate the number of applicants using a multiplier.
* Updated the instructional text for the **Applicant cap** toggle to describe how the multiplier works.
* Updated the **student_community_internships.csv** to include the federal email address of community members.
* Updated the **Manage internships .csv** to display data based on what the user selects in the cycle dropdown.
* Made several updates to **student communities**:
  * Updated the dashboard to remove the opportunity metrics and add internship metrics.
  * Updated the settings page to include an Internship page and Internship status drawer.
  * Updated the settings page to include new toggles to:
    * Display the community’s logo on the internship page.
    * Display the community’s name on the internship page.
    * Allow internship creators to end an internship before the estimated end date.

* Added a snack bar success message that displays when a user deletes a cycle from a community.
* Added user type icons to the **Manage users** page for student communities.

### Internships

* Updated the **Step 1 internship creation** page to include new text below the **Interns needed** field to describe the applicant limit.
* Removed the **Applicant cap** validation text that displayed when a user included a number in the **Interns needed** field that was higher than the applicant cap set by a community administrator.
* Added a **Cycle** column and the ability to sort by cycle to the **Manage internship** page for sitewide administrators.
* Updated the behavior of the **View application** link and icon on the student dashboard page.

### Bug fixes

* Fixed an issue so pay grades display in the correct order on the opportunity detail.
* Fixed an issue with the sort by functionality on the applicants table of an internship.  
* Fixed an issue with the search button so it displays in the correct place on the **Search applications** page of a cyclical community.
