---
permalink: release-notes/jun-2020/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: June 2022
---

## Changes made June 28th, 2022  
### Sitewide enhancements   

* Updated the student profile page to include a language section where a student can add, edit, or delete languages. 

### Internships

* Added new functionality so when a user adds languages during the application process, we also add the languages to their Open Opportunities and USAJOBS profile.
* Updated the application process to automatically add skills to the internship application for users who already have skills listed in their profile.
* Added the ability for students to add, edit, or delete skills when applying to an internship.
* Created a success banner that displays when a creator cancels an internship.
* Created an email that is sent to applicants when an internship is cancelled. 
 
### Communities 

* Updated the **Community search** page banners for student communities.
* Added a modal that displays when a student attempts to join a non-student community.
* Created a toggle for an **applicant cap** in student communities.
* Updated the **student internship applicant count** to include an applicant cap when toggled on.
* Added functionality to the application process that prevents applicants from applying to an internship when the applicant cap has been reached. 

## Changes made June 10th, 2022
### Sitewide enhancements   

* Added a help link to the status indicator on the sitewide administrators Manage internships page.
* Added a help link to the metrics section on the sitewide administrator dashboard.
* Updated the modal that displays when deleting a message to indicate that a duplicate exists in the email address listed on a user’s profile.  

### Internships

* Added an applicant count to the **Internship Detail** page.
* Updated the **What happens next?** page to prompt a student user to update their demographic information if they have not previously added it.
* Updated the **Internship** page heading to “Search for unpaid internships”.
* Renamed the **Commitment filter** on the internship search page to Unpaid internships.
* Added a **Salary** label to the Internship detail page—this includes a sub-label of “Unpaid”.
* Removed the ability for a student to become a co-owner of an internship.
* Created an email that is sent to a co-owner when they have been added as a co-owner to an internship. 

### Opportunities

* Added an applicant count to the Opportunities page. 
* Removed the **Applicant list** from the **Opportunity** page for all users, except creators, co-owners or sitewide administrators. 

### Communities 

* Removed the **Hide applicant** list toggle from the federal communities settings page. 
* Updated the **Internship Creation review** page to display the “community” name when a creator selects a community during the internship creation process. 
* Updated the **Internship detail** page to display the “community” name when a user selects a community during the internship creation process. 
* Created eight new internship tables on the community administrators **Manage internship** page. 
* Created a modal that displays when a community administrator approves an internship within a community. 
* Removed the ability for students to see the member section on the Community profile page. 

### Bug fixes  

* Fixed the opportunity count so it displays correctly when using the search function on the community administrators **Manage opportunities** page. 
* Fixed a typo on the **What happens next?** page.  
