---
permalink: release-notes/mar-2023/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: March 2023
---

## Changes made March 31, 2023
### Sitewide

* Completed updates to Node.js and moment.js.
* Completed research on back-end code for adding ranking tables.
* Revised the text on the modals that display when approving an internship from the sitewide administrators manage internship table.

### Internships

* Changed the text **Publish** to **Approve** that displays when a sitewide or community administrator views the **internship detail** page. 
* Added the ability for internship creators to include a **Sub-agency** or **Program office**.
* Updated the following sections to display the **Sub-agency** or **Program office**:
  * Internship detail page
  * Internship creation review page
  * Internship search card
  * Internship application right rail

* Added the ability for internship creators to include a language requirement for internships.
* Updated the following pages to display language requirements:
  * Internship detail page
  * Internship creation review page

* Added a description of the language skill level to help creators select the correct proficiency level during the internship creation process.
* Added a modal that displays when a creator or co-owner deletes a required language during the internship creation process.
* Added a modal that displays when a creator or co-owner clicks **Delete** on the internship detail page that’s in draft status.
* Updated the **internship search card** to display:
  * The number of applicants who have applied.
  * The applicant cap number of an internship.

* Updated the **internship creation review** page to display co-owners.

### Bug fixes

* Fixed an issue with validation text displaying when a co-owner uses the Add co-owner text field to add themselves to an internship.

## Changes made March 17, 2023
### Sitewide 

* Completed research on backend changes to support Azure KeyVault.
* Updated the **Submitted** table on the sitewide administrators **Manage internships** page to rename the column heading from **Publish** to **Approve**. 

### Internships 

* Updated the cycle field to auto-populate when duplicating an internship.
* Updated the **community dropdown field** to auto-populate when creating an internship from the **Community Profile** page.
* Added validation to prohibit internships in the same cycle from having the same title.
* Added an **overseas checkbox and text field** to display when creating an internship.
* Updated the internship detail page to display overseas locations.
* Made several changes to the **Internship application step 1** page:
  * Updated the **Statement of interest** text and added markdown to the text field.
  * Updated the **internship location** option to default as virtual.
  * Added a co-owner selection search field. 

### Communities 

* Updated the **Submitted** table on the community administrator’s **Manage internship** page to change the name **Agency** to **Organization** in the **Sort by** feature. 

### Bug fixes 

* Fixed incorrect text of “No tasks” that was displaying on the **Manage internship** table when there are no internships.
* Fixed the UAT banner so it will display on the community’s page of the Open Opportunities UAT site.   

## Changes made March 3, 2023 
### Sitewide 

* Redesigned these banners to use the slim banner design:
  * Update your profile
  * Get recommended opportunities based on your profile
  * When an administrator is editing another user's opportunity.
  * When an administrator is viewing another user's profile. 

* Updated the test banners on the test and user acceptance test site.
* Removed auto hyphens from syllable and line breaks in various locations across the site.
* Updated the initializer templates to have compatibility with Elastic 8.x.
* Updated the landing page to prevent perpetual API calls.
* Revised the top contributor infographic on the **Sitewide administrator’s dashboard** to separate the internship data from opportunity data.
* Completed research on adding a calendar of events to the site.
* Revised the look and feel of the **Privacy settings** section for federal and contract users.
* Added an **X** icon for removing badges on individual badges.
* Added a slim banner that displays when an administrator is editing another user's internship.
* Updated the federal employment text that is displayed on the **Create a profile to join** page.
* Updated the email address to be a link on the **Account settings** page.  

### Networking 

* Updated the search bar on the **Networking** page.
* Updated the **No results** text that displays on the **Networking search** page.   

### Opportunities 

* Updated the search bar on the **Opportunities search** page.
* Added functionality so co-owners can remove themselves from an opportunity.
* Updated the **Step 1 opportunity creation** page:
  * Changed the card fill color when selecting how many people are needed for an opportunity.
  * Changed the card fill color when selecting the type of commitment for the opportunity.
  * Revised the card shapes to have rounded edges.
  * Stacked the radio buttons for the specific questions.
  * Updated the field sizes to match.  

* Reduced the text length on the **Opportunity search banner**.
* Updated the color of the modal that displays when publishing an opportunity.
* Updated the **No results** text that displays on the **Opportunity search** page.  

### Internships 

* Revised the formatting of the internship **Completed on date**.
* Reduced the text length on the **Internship search banner**.
* Updated the **No results** text that is displays on the **Internship search** page.  

### Communities 

* Removed the user’s agency name that displays in the members section of a closed community.
* Updated the **Communities** page search bar.
* Updated the **Community search** page search bar for both opportunities and internships.
* Updated the **Community discussion** page search bar.
* Moved the **Custom survey links** section to the communication drawer on the **Community settings** page.  

### Bug fixes 

* Fixed the test site banner so it displays on the communities’ page of the test site.
* Fixed the opportunity and internship application resumes so they download as the correct file type. 
