---
permalink: release-notes/may-2022/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: May 2022 
---
## Changes made May 27, 2022
### Sitewide enhancements   

* Updated the **Events** feature so newly created sitewide events will default as a featured event. 
* Added a mentoring help link to the profile page for federal users. 
* Moved the demographics section on the user profile page so it’s more visible.

### Internships

* Added a drawer with instructions on how to evaluate and select student applicants.
* Removed the ability for a student to withdraw an application after an internship is in progress.
* Added a help content link for transcripts on the **Internship application** page.
* Added an application due date column to the participated table found on the student dashboard.
* Updated the modal that displays when a user has unsaved changes, and they exit the **Internship application** process.

### Opportunities

* Removed the **How to apply** section from the **Create opportunity** flow.
* Added a notice for updating demographic information after applying to a detail or lateral opportunity.
* Updated the modal that displays when a user has unsaved changes, and they exit the **Create opportunity** process.
* Created a warning modal that displays when a user has unsaved changes, and they exit the **Application process** for detail or Lateral opportunities. 

### Communities 

* Added the ability for internship creators to select a cycle during the internship creation process.
* Created a modal that displays when a community administrator deletes a cycle.
* Added a toggle for displaying the How to apply section during the internship creation process.
* Created an **Apply process** drawer on the community settings page.
* Added many toggles to the **Apply process** drawer that affect the application process for details and laterals within a community.
* Created a **Search applications** page in student communities.
* Created a **Manage internships** page in student communities.
* Removed the **View opportunities** button on the community profile page of discussion communities. 

### Bug fixes  

* Fixed an issue where the total number of internships would display incorrectly on the sitewide administration dashboard. 
* Fixed an issue where a help link was navigating users to the incorrect help page. 


## Changes made May 13, 2022
### Sitewide enhancements   

* Created an automated demographic report. 

### Internships

* Added internship details to the right rail of the student application pages. 
* Removed the **Co-owner** section of an internship when viewed as a co-owner. 
* Created a modal that displays when an internship creator or sitewide administrator cancels an internship. 

### Communities 

* Added new toggles to manage the display of community logos on the community banners.
* Updated the community profile banner on all pages to display a full banner image.
* Moved the community search banner drawer to make the drawer more visible on the community settings page.
* Added the ability for a student community administrator to display, create and edit internship cycles within a student community. 

### Bug fixes  

* Fixed the **Share** link for internships to open the “mail to client”, even if there is a large amount of text in the introduction section of an internship.
* Fixed an issue where the primary owner of an internship would show as both the primary and co-owner when making the co-owner of internship the primary.  
