---
permalink: release-notes/may-29-2020/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: May 29, 2020
---

### Site-wide enhancements

- Updated the applicant view page so that only opportunity creators can see not-selected applicants.
- Added a **Sitewide Admin** and **Sitewide Approver** filter on the manage user page.
- Updated the manage users page so that students cannot be given administration privileges.
- Updated the **Comments** section to:
  - Nest the **Replies** under the original post.
  - Allow users to edit and delete their own comments and replies.
  - Display the two most recent comments and their replies. The rest are hidden behind a **View previous comments** link.
  - Display the two most recent replies. The rest are hidden behind a link.
  - Add a **Refresh** button at the bottom of the comments section so comments can be refreshed without reloading the page
  - Add an email notification for comments—users are directed to the corresponding comment when clicking on the link in the email.
- Added a **Sort by** dropdown menu on the search results page.
- Enhanced the ability to filter opportunities by location.
- Added ability to search for opportunities by a department.
- Added the **Allow virtual participation** check box to opportunity creation and this is carried over if an opportunity is duplicated.
- Updated the display of the opportunity overview and preview views to include **In Person** and **Virtual** if those are selected during the opportunity creation.
- Updated the search results to include opportunities with **Allow virtual participation** when the **Virtual** filter is applied.
- Added an alert so that admins know when they are making changes to someone else’s opportunity.

### Bug fixes

- Fixed issue where user is unable to create a new community.
- Fixed issue where clicking on a skill in search takes you to the **Oops** page.
