---
permalink: release-notes/nov-2023/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: November 2023
---
## Changes made November 27, 2023

### Sitewide
* Removed the **Enhance your profile** banner from the profile because we removed skills matching.
* Removed the **To get the best matches based on your profile** banner because we removed skills matching.

### Opportunities
* Added a **comment icon** to the following locations to notify sitewide, agency, and community administrators when an opportunity has a comment:
  * Sitewide administrators manage opportunities page
  * Agency administrators manage opportunities page
  * Community administrators manage opportunities page

* Created an email that is sent to administrators when a creator or co-owner adds a comment to an opportunity.
* Created an email that is sent to creators and co-owners when an administrator adds a comment to an opportunity.
* Removed **Recurring opportunities** from:
  * The opportunity selection of **Create opportunity Step 1 and edit** pages.
  * The right rail search filter on the **Opportunity search** page.

* Removed the **Recurring opportunity** text and metrics from the following locations:
  * Sitewide administrators dashboard page
  * Agency administrators dashboard page
  * Community administrators dashboard page

* Removed miscellaneous code associated with removing the **Recurring opportunities** selection.
* Continued work on the right rail re-design.

### Internships
* Added a **comment icon** to the following locations to notify sitewide, agency, and community administrator when an internship has a comment:
  * Sitewide administrators manage internships page
  * Agency administrators manage internships page
  * Community administrators manage internships page

* Created an email that is sent to administrators when a creator or co-owner adds a comment to an internship.
* Created an email that is sent to creators and co-owners when an administrator adds a comment to an internship.
* Updated the **Internship search** page to display an ad for the **Virtual Student Federal Service** community.

### Communities
* Added a custom community email signature to all messages sent from the community.
* Added the default Open Opportunities email signature to messages sent from communities that do not have a custom email signature.

### Bugs
* Fixed an issue where community administrators were not able to upload a photo for community stories.

## Changes made November 13, 2023
### Sitewide

* Removed Skills Engine matching elements and all text referencing Skills Engine.

### Opportunities

* Added a comment section to the right rail of the **Opportunity detail** page.  Administrators, creators and co-owners of an opportunity can use the comment section.
* Added the ability to edit or delete comments.
* Added a snack bar notification that displays when a user deletes a comment from the opportunity.

### Internships

* Added a comment section to the right rail of the **Internship detail** page.  Administrators, creators and co-owners of an internship can use the comment section.
* Added the ability to edit or delete a comment.
* Added a snack bar notification that displays when a user deletes a comment from the internship.

