---
permalink: release-notes/nov-12-2021/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: November 12, 2021
---
## Sitewide enhancements

### Sitewide Events

* Updated how events display—we will remove events on the Event page when the start date or end date (if provided) has passed. 
* Changed **Display** column to **Featured** events.
* Removed the maximum number of sitewide events that a user can display. 
* Added a banner telling users to edit their email settings to receive email notifications of new events. 

### Communities

* Changed the font color of the story title and author name to black. 
* Changed capitalization for **View All Stories** and **Read More** to lower case.
* Added several warning modals to display when a user selects cancel while:
  * Creating a new story page.
  * Editing an event
  * Creating a new community.

* Added a confirmation modal that displays when a user joins an open community. 
* Added a success banner that displays when a user joins a community. 

### Other

* Fixed the overlap of profile text and icon in mobile view. 
* Updated the opportunity list to only show opportunities a user is selected for.
* Revised the text on success banner when a user changes their email setting.
* Completed code refactor.
* Added a unique ID to **Find opportunities** buttons on landing page. 

## Bug fixes

* Fixed the **Community** dropdown when creating an opportunity for a specific community.
* Fixed closed communities displaying as open.
* Fixed the display of the organization title on opportunity preview and create pages.
* Deleted the verified government email address from the record table.
* Resolved 508 issues with admin events, search, and view events.
* Fixed the display of the Department of State admin dashboard for community admin.
* Updated to use the correct banner when deactivating a community.
* Reduced window size on search page.
* Stopped sending the message center notification for when a user earns a new badge after completing five tasks.
* Removed special characters when email is sent to message center.
