---
permalink: release-notes/nov-2022/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: November 2022
---

## Changes made November 28, 2022
### Sitewide

We added: 

* A **Co-owner column** to the **Manage internships** and **Manage opportunities** table for sitewide administrators. 
* A **Co-owner search** to the **Manage internships** page used by sitewide administrators. 
* A **Video** section to the landing page. 
* The ability for sitewide administrators to update the landing page video section.
* A re-direct for non-federal employee users who try to access the **Create opportunity** or **Create internship** pages from a direct URL. 

We also:
* Removed the **Selective Service question** from the **Create profile**. 
 
### Internships

* Updated several emails to tell internship applicants when they have been selected for an internship or when an internship has been canceled. 
 
### Communities

* Created a **Community_diversity_data.csv** to report diversity data in a student community cycle. 
* Added a count of student members to the student community dashboard page. 
 
### Bug fixes

* Fixed an issue so that validation text for the opportunity end date field no longer displays after a user corrects it. 

## Changes made November 14, 2022
### Sitewide

* Redesigned the **Open Opportunities home page**.
  * Created six new sections highlighting:
    * A purpose statement
    * A value statement
    * An opportunity definition
    * Stories 
    * Create an Opportunity or Internship section
    * Events

* Created a CMS section so sitewide administrators can make updates to the home page.  
* Added **Skills engine match tracking** to a backend audit table. 

### Internships

* Updated **Step 1 of the internship creation** page – for the **Do you want to post this to a specific community?**, it now defaults to Yes.

### Communities

* Removed the min-height and max-height for banner images that display on the **Community profile** and **Community discussion** pages.  

### Bug fixes

* Fixed the message count to display correctly when deleting messages on the **Messaging** page. 
* Fixed the sub navigation menu to display when a user refreshes the **Messaging** page after deleting all messages on the page. 
* Fixed an issue so internship owners and co-owners no longer receive applicant selection emails for internships created in different cycles.
