---
permalink: release-notes/oct-02-2020/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: October 2, 2020
---

## Site-wide enhancements

- Added a **Community** link in the top navigation.
- Added profile pages for each community.
- Added markdown to the community manager field in the **Community attributes** page.
- Added a toggle for custom survey links to the community attributes page
- Made the following changes to the **Create opportunity** form:
  - Changed the field label and help text from Series to **Occupational series**.
  - Added placeholder text in the date fields.
  - Updated error messaging for start and end date fields.
- Added a new toggle so administrators can display or not display a community on the **Communities** page.
- Removed **Internships** link from the navigation.
- Made the following changes to the stories and testimonials section:
  - Set image size to 300x300.
  - Added photos to the See what others are saying about Open Opportunities section.
  - Split name into two fields on the testimonials section of community attributes.
  - Changed the link below a testimonial to only display first name.
  - Added featured stories to the main search page.
- Added the ability to invite someone to apply to an opportunity.
- Updated default text on the opportunity detail when no applicants have applied.
- Updated how you select a community during the opportunity creation process.
- Added ability for users to search for members by community.
- Added a field for adding related skills and series to a community.
- Moved **How often do you need this time?** field under **How many hours do you need?** on the **Create opportunity** form.
- Added ability to run reports on applicant statistics.
- Added all new fields to the opportunity csv file.
- Added custom survey links to the complete emails.
- Listed community managers on the community profile page.
- Added an index page listing all communities.
- Added help content for the following:
  - What’s the difference between an in person and virtual opportunity.
  - How to select applicants.
- Updated the modal display when a user applies for a NOAA opportunity.
- Added default help text to the invite to opportunity search box.
- Added the invited to apply section to the signed in dashboard.

## Changes to support the NOAA community

- Updated the NOAA community to include **Line office and Program office** fields:
  - Added ability to search by these fields.
  - Added these fields to the **Manage User** page.
  - Added a banner encouraging users to add these fields to their profile.
  - Added a toggle to require applicants and creators to have a Line office and Program office in their profile.
  - Added warning message for applicants and creators when missing Line office and Program office from their profile

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed issue so users don’t have to select a new image (if there is an existing image) when editing a testimonial.
- Fixed image rendering issue for stories on mobile.
- Fixed punctuation appearing twice in user stories.
