---
permalink: release-notes/oct-30-2020/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: October 30, 2020
---

## Sitewide enhancements

* Added commas to separate keywords on the opportunity card.
* Sorted **Member list** alphabetically on community profile page.
* Added the number of draft opportunities to the community dashboard.
* Added auto filter and ability to search by name, title or agency for the community member search.
* Moved the **View opportunities** button to the blue box on community profile page.
* Added feature so creators can’t invite ineligible participants to their opportunities.
* Updated emails to go directly to co-owners.
* Updated **Search opportunities by** section to only display eligible opportunities, as well as the number of results for each category.
* Updated emails to be sent from USAJOBS instead of AWS.
* Added two-way data update to user profile fields.

## Changes to support the NOAA community

* Added **Start** and **End dates** as a required step before **Task complete**.
* Added **Start** and **End dates** to the **Next steps** modal and updated the **Task not complete** modal.
* Updated **Create an opportunity** form to display **Virtual** and **In-person** options as checkboxes.
* Made the **Line/Program office** field required.

## Bug Fixes

* Fixed a reset issue when you click **Cancel** when editing the right rail of an application.
* Fixed a display issue with the **Manage applicant** right rail when you undo **Task complete**.
* Fixed issue so when you duplicate an opportunity it does not add the opportunity to the current user’s favorites.
