---
permalink: release-notes/oct-16-2020/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: October 16, 2020
---

## Site-wide enhancements

### Communities

Added the following updates to **Community** pages:

* A **community profile summary** to the left-hand side of the page.
* **Related skills** to the community profile page and individual community card.
* **Series** to community profile page.
* **Join** button so users can join a community.
* **Leave community** button so users can leave a community.
* Search function for **Communities**, including page count and total number of search results.
* Ability to specify an alternate URL when a user clicks **View opportunity** from a community profile page.
* Ability to add community profile page banners, which display at the top of the community profile page.
* A new field to the **Manage community** page that captures the URL for information about participant requirements.
* Removed **Community manager** label from members list on community profile page.
* Updated the help text in the community members search box.

### Manage applicant flow

* Added a **Display manage applicants** toggle to the **Manage Community** page.
* Added the ability to add tasks to the Manage applicant view.
* Added a **Manage applicant** link under each applicant name. The link displays after the creator clicks **Next step**.
* Redesigned the right rail on an applicant’s application with the information from the **Manage applicant** view toggle.
* Added ability for creators to edit the **Manage applicant** view on an applicant’s application.
* Added a **Task** checklist to the right rail on the Manage applicant view.
* Added a **Not complete** modal that displays when a creator tries to complete an opportunity, but not all applicants have been marked as Task complete.
* Added a **Tasks not complete** modal that displays when a creator clicks **Complete task** for an applicant.

### Other changes

* Added a date range to the **Opportunity CSV** and **Applicant CSV**.
* Added a confirmation modal when a user clicks **Withdraw application**.
* Updated the “Official use” banner that displays at the top of the page.
* Updated user metrics on the **Administration** dashboard.
*	Updated **Details** and **Laterals** to include a messaging after a user clicks **Next step** at the bottom of an opportunity page.

## Bug fixes

We fixed the following:

* An issue with the statement of interest during the application process.
* A page time-out issue caused by vanity URLs.
* The “Alternate view opportunity URL” field to prevent users from entering bad data.
