---
permalink: release-notes/oct-2023/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: October 2023
---
## Changes made October 27, 2023
 
### Sitewide enhancements

Added the following:

* A trim function to the name fields of the Open Opportunities welcome page.
* A **Contact us** page so users can submit information to the help desk.
* A snack bar that displays when a user successfully submits the **Contact us** form.
* A **Contact us** link in the footer.

* Updated the following tables to pull updated data from USAJOBS:

  * Pay plan table
  * Country table
  * Country subdivision table

### Opportunities

* Continued work on the right rail re-design of opportunities. This redesign has not been released yet.
* Updated the **profile pages of federal users** to include an ad for the **Federal Mentoring community**.

### Internships

* Update the right rail of the **What happens next?** page to include an ad for the **Virtual Student Federal Service community**, when a user submits an application for an internship.
* Updated the **Applicants table** to display the student application status as **Not selected** when the internship has a status of **In-progress**.

### Communities

* Made the following updates to the students_selected.csv file, used by community administrators of student cyclical communities:
  * Removed the **student_name** column.
  * Added a **student_first_name** column.
  * Added a **student_middle_name** column.
  * Added a **student_last_name** column.
  * Added a **student_profile_id** column.

* Made the following updates to the rejected_applicants.csv file that is used by community administrators of student cyclical communities:
  * Removed the **student_name** column.
  * Added a **student_first_name** column.
  * Added a **student_middle_name** column.
  * Added a **student_last_name** column.
  * Added a **student_profile_id** column.

* Updated the **community_internships.csv** to add the applicant profile id to the **selected_applicants column**. This file is used by community administrators of student cyclical communities.
* Updated the **Education.csv** to add an applicant’s internship task id to the **No_internships_selected_for column**. This file is used by community administrators of student cyclical communities.

## Changes made October 13, 2023
### Opportunities

* Continued work on redesigning the right rail section of the opportunity detail page. This redesign has not been released yet.

### Internships

* Updated the cycle dropdown to display the original internship cycle when a sitewide or community administrator edits a cyclical internship.
* Created an automatic process that will withdraw all student applicants from an internship when the internship is canceled.
