---
permalink: release-notes/oct-29-2021/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: October 29, 2021
---
## Sitewide enhancements 

### Sitewide events 

* Added a section on the **What’s new** dashboards tab to display sitewide events. 
* Created a new page to display all sitewide events. 
* Added ability to display an event on the following pages: 
  * Landing page 
  * What’s new tab 
  * Search page 

* Added ability for administators to create a new event.  
* Added ability for administrators to edit an active event.
* Created several warning modals that display when: 
  * A user navigates away from event creation page without saving their changes.
  * A user deletes an active event.
 
 * Created several success banners that display after a user:
   * Creates a new event.
   * Edits an active event.
   * Deletes an event. 

* Updated the user profile to include sitewide email settings, so users can manage the emails they receive.
* Added email notifications for new events. 
* Created the ability to share events. 

### Community events 

* Added ability to display time and an event title link.
* Updated the event email sent to community members to include community name and event time.
* Added ability to display time zones for start and end times (if provided).
* Increased the font size for the event date in the expanded view. 

### Other 

* Upgraded the site from USWDS 2.9.0 to USWDS 2.12.1.
* Moved the **Release notes** above **Latest achievements** on **What’s New** tab. 

## Bug fixes 

* Resolved member count discrepancy on the community card on the **Community** search page.
