---
permalink: release-notes/oct-2022/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: October 2022
---

## Changes made October 31, 2022
### Sitewide

* Updated the **Messaging page** to display the message count as (XXX) next to the **Select all** checkbox. 
* Removed the messages count from the **Mark as read** and **Delete messages** buttons. 

### Internships

* Updated **Skills matching** for student internships:
  * Created an API to interface with the skills engine and the **Skills and About** section in a student profile.
  * Created an API that checks for skills in a student profile when a student signs into Open Opportunities.
  * Created an audit table capturing API calls for internships. 
  * Created a **Recommend internships** tab that will display matching internships for student applicants based on the skills in their profiles.  
  * Added **Good**, **Better** and **Best** skills match indicators to the internship search cards and **Internship search** page. 
  * Updated the **Sort by** on the **Internship search** page to include a **Profile match** option.
  * Added **Profile match** search filters of **Good**, **Better** and **Best** to the **Internship search** page. 

### Bug fixes

* Fixed an issue where student internship applicants were showing as selected in the student_community_internships.csv report when they withdrew from an internship.  

## Changes made October 17, 2022
### Sitewide

* Updated the **Messaging page**: 
  * Added a message count next to the **All messages** text.
  * Updated the page layout.
  * Added the ability to select individual message cards using a checkbox. 
  * Added the ability to delete multiple messages at once. 
  * Added the ability to mark multiple messages as read at once.
  * Added a modal that displays when a user deletes multiple messages. 

* Updated the timing of the email sent to sitewide administrators when an internship is created—now it will only be sent when an internship is created outside of a community. 

### Internships

* Added text to the **Internship view page** showing applicants how many days they have left to accept or decline an internship. 
* Updated the co-owner view of the Opportunity detail page to display the right rail. 
* Updated the internship applicant table for creators to rename **Matching skills** to **Skills**.

### Communities

* Created a new email to send to community administrators when a new internship is created in their community. 

### Bug fixes

* Fixed several 508 compliance issues. 
* Fixed an issue so the search box on the **Networking page** no longer shows job series codes and descriptions in the autocomplete dropdown.
