---
permalink: release-notes/oct-15-2021/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: October 15, 2021
---
## Sitewide enhancements
### Messages

* Added mobile view of the messages page.
* Fixed some design and formatting issues.

### Community Stories

* Added ability for administrators to create and edit a community story.
* Added a **Community Stories** tab within the community table.
* Added the ability to preview a community story on **Community** home page.
* Created a new page to display all community stories.
* Created a new page to display selected community story.
* Added a success banner to display after a user adds or edits a community story.

### Other

* Moved the **Sign out** link to the main navigation.
* Removed the supervisory approval on lateral detail opportunities.
* Added a help link on the **People search** filter.
* Updated the **Manage Community** tab to add a community administrator option to the **Sort by** feature.
* Added a default sort order on the **Community** page.
* Added a success banner to display when a user changes their email settings.
* Updated the styling of quotes within stories.
* Removed the red dot next to a users’ name on the home page.

## Bug fixes

* Fixed the display of the **Community title** on **Community search** pages.
* Fixed 508 issues on the **Community events** tab.
* Fixed the location display on the **Shared profile** email.
* Removed inactive members from displaying in search results.
* Fixed issues with the view count text on the **Discussion posts** page.
