---
permalink: release-notes/sep-2022/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: September 2022
---

## Changes made September 30, 2022
### Internships

* Updated the internship card on the search page to:
  * Add the community name. 
  * Add a fade to the text of the card.  

* Added the ability for co-owners to remove themselves from an internship. 
* Removed the action buttons from the **Selected**, **Rejected** and **Applicants** tables when an internship status is **Canceled**. 
* Removed the action buttons from the applicant view page of an internship when an internship status is **Canceled**. 
* Revised the link on the “selected for an internship” email to students to make them sign in before going to the internship page. 
* Created reminder emails that will go to students one day and four days before the seven day **accept or decline period** closes. 
* Updated the co-owners view of an internship to display the right rail.
* Added an **Undo** remove button to the right rail of the applicant view page. This button will only display when a student has been removed from an internship.  

### Opportunities

* Updated the co-owners view of an opportunity to display the right rail.

### Communities

* Added a customizable signature line to emails sent from a community. 

### Bug fixes

* Fixed an issue where validation text would display when the **Apply by** date was updated on an internship. 
* Fixed an issue where an applicants accept or decline status carried over into a new community cycle.  
 

## Changes made September 16, 2022   
### Sitewide

* Updated the **Sign out** page to include the link Search for internships and to automatically redirect to the landing page after 60 seconds, if no action is taken.
* Updated backend notifications to check for internship inactivity at the 90 and 120 day mark from last change.  

### Sitewide administration

* Made the following changes to the **Manage internship** page for sitewide administrators: 
  * Removed the **Not open** radio button. 
  * Moved the **In review** radio button to be between the **Open** and **In progress** radio buttons. 

### Internships

* Created two new notification emails that will go to internship creators when: 
  * An internship has been inactive for 120 days.
  * An internship has been inactive for 90 days. 

* Added the ability for creators and co-owners to remove an applicant from an internship. 
* Added a **Removed** table on the **Internship page** that shows applicants who have been removed from an internship. 
* Added a modal that displays when a creator removes an applicant from an internship. 
* Removed the ability to click on a creators icon and name when viewing the internship page as a student. 
* Created an application status of **Complete** that will display on the student dashboard when they complete an internship. 
* Added a **Search by** section to the student dashboard.

### Communities

* Updated the **Community settings** page to include a toggle for removing the actions buttons from the **Selected**, **Rejected** and **Applicants** table while an internship is in progress. 
* Disabled the **Mark internship complete** button when an internship, created in a cycle, has not passed the last date of the internship dates. 
* Added a column of **Cycle_name** to the student_community_internship download file.
* Added a **Sort by** to the manage cycles page. 
* Updated the **Community settings** page to move the **Applicant cap** toggle to the **Apply process drawer**. 
* Updated the **Community profile** page of student communities to include a **Create internship**. 

### Bug fixes

* Fixed an issue where sitewide administrators could not remove a user from a community using the account settings page. 
* Fixed an issue that was not allowing creators to add or remove co-owners from an internship. 

## Changes made September 2, 2022   
### Sitewide

* Added date picker fields to the Create a report modal.  

### Sitewide administration

* Updated the **Manage internships** table to include a radio button for Approved.
* Added new filters to the **Filter by** feature within the **Manage users** table:
  * Students
  * Federal
  * Contractor

### Opportunities

* Updated the **Show endorsements** on your profile modal to default to **Yes**. 

### Internships

* Added a daily countdown to the Waiting on a response text that creators and co-owners see after submitting an internship offer. 
* Updated the **Internship Creation Review Step 4** to reorder the text in the blue details section.

### Communities

* Updated the **Applicants** column on the **manage_internship.csv** to show the number of applicants who fully submitted an application. 
* Added three new statuses to the community dashboard page for cyclical communities:
  * In review
  * In progress
  * Canceled

* Updated the **Search applications** page, in student communities, to include pagination.
* Updated the layout of the community discussion page banner. 
* Updated the layout of the student community internship search page banner. 
* Updated the text of the **Approve all** modal displayed in student communities. 
* Added success banners when creating or editing a cycle in a cyclical student community. 
* Updated the community dropdown for sitewide and community admins to show the active communities first. 

### Bug fixes
Fixed the following issues:

* The community heading would still display on the internship creation review page when no community was selected. 
* The community filter pill could not be removed from the internship search page once selected. 
* Special characters were being displayed in the “student_community_internships.csv”. 
* The estimated start and end dates of the internship detail page was not matching the estimated start and end dates of the internship apply pages. 
* The application due dates on the “student_community_internships.csv” were not correct.  
* An internship created in a cyclical community would move to a status of “Open” before first date of the application dates had passed. 
* The applicant cap validation text would display on the internship creation step 1 page when the applicant cap was toggled off. 
* The spacing on the applicant tables found on the internship detail page. 
* An issue where it was possible to have two communities with the same community name. 
