---
permalink: what-is-new/sep-04-2020/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: September 04, 2020
---
## Site-wide enhancements

### Changes to support the NOAA community

- Added a community **Line Office Manager** toggle within the **Manage Community** feature
- Created an approval email that goes to the **Line Office Manager** when a new opportunity is posted.
- Added a message to community members to include a line office and program in their profile.

### Changes to the Create Opportunity form

- Changed **Ongoing** to **Recurring** on both **Create opportunity** and **Search**.
- Removed the text **"Requires up to 20% of a participants…"** if the creator selects **Recurring**.
- Removed the text **"Allow virtual participation"**.
- Added a **Negotiable** option to the **Where** section.
- Removed sample **Estimated completion date**.
- Added new field for **Host office will pay for travel expenses?**
- Added new **Line office** dropdown.
- Added new **Program office** dropdown.

### Changes to opportunity overview page:

- Added a link so the opportunity creator can email all non-selected applicants.
- Moved the warning text above the **Next step** button.
- Removed the **Cancel** link (next to Edit).
- Updated the location text to say **“Virtual and/or [location]”** when both are selected on the create opportunity form.
- Updated the blue box to display a new **Travel Expenses paid** section.

### Other changes

- Added markup to the **Stories** section.
- Added co-owners to the emails that go to opportunity creators.
- Updated the text in the **Do you want to participate?** modal.
- Added text-based versions of all emails.
- Added the number of results beside each filter on the **Search** page.
- Changed the label from **Total assigned** to **Total selected** in the interactions section of the **Administrator** dashboard.
- Added ability for site-wide admins to change the community on any opportunity.
- Added **Line office and Program** to the **Manage opportunities** dashboard.

## Bug Fixes

We fixed the following issues:

- Slow response time on **Manage Opportunities** for administrators.
- 508 issues on the opportunity card and home page.
- Renew column not displaying for co-owners (for opportunities with 91+ days of inactivity).
- Overflowing content in the **What happens next** box on the opportunity page
- Incorrect sizing of the detail icon on the **Create an opportunity** form.
- Long opportunity title overlapping the Save link on the opportunity results page.
- Displaying incorrect selectee count and name information in opportunities export from a certain community.
- Slow page load when navigating to manage opportunities within a certain community.
