---
permalink: release-notes/sep-18-2020/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: September 18, 2020
---


## Site-wide enhancements

- Launched a new feature that lets opportunity creators invite people to an opportunity. The new feature includes:
  - A modal that displays when a user is invited to an opportunity.
  - A success banner that displays when a user is successfully invited to an opportunity.
- Made a few changes to the **Our customers’ stories** section, including:
  - Increased the height of the banner on the stories page.
  - Adjusted the font size of the text in the See what people are saying about us box.
  - Added ability to include **Agency** name in stories.
  - Adjusted the size of the story card and image on the stories preview page.
- Updated the opportunity page to collapse the **Not-selected** section after an opportunity creator clicks **Next steps**.
- Changed the label **Cancel your application** to **Withdraw your application**.

## Changes to support the NOAA community

- Added **Estimated start date** and **Estimated completion date** fields to the **Create opportunity** form.
- Added **Line office** and **Program** fields (if included) to the blue box on the opportunity detail page.
- Changed the **Grade** field label to **Grade/Band** on the **Create opportunity** form.
- Added ability to include multiple **Grade/Bands** and updated how they’re displayed on detail and lateral opportunities.
- Added ability to search detail opportunities by **Grade** range.
- Updated opportunity preview page and duplicate feature to include all new fields.
- Added a toggle to the **Manage community** page so users can turn “optional fields” on or off to display on the **Create opportunity** form.
- Added a toggle to **Community** administration page to specify office naming conventions.
- Added an **Apply confirmation modal** and updated the text for detail and lateral opportunities.
- Added help link for Step 2 on the **Create opportunity** page.
- Updated permissions so that only site-wide administrators can add or edit the following fields on the community attribute table:
  - Community type
  - Target audience
  - Duration
  - Agency
- Added **Community attributes** section to display information on the **Community profile** page.
- Added **Community marketing** content section to the **Administration** dashboard.

## Bug fixes

- Fixed the results page so it’s no longer blank when a user searches for a name on the Manage users page.
- Fixed the preview display of **Estimated start** or **Estimated completion date**.
