---
permalink: release-notes/sep-2023/
layout: default
section: what-is-new
category: what-is-new
title: September 2023
---
## Changes made September 29, 2023
 
### Internships

* Updated a student’s application status to **Not selected** when:
  * A sitewide administrator removes an applicant from an internship when the internship is **In progress** and the applicant is in the **Selected applicants table**.
  * A sitewide administrator removes an applicant from an internship when the internship is **Completed**.

* Updated a student’s application status to **Completed** when:
  * An applicant is in the **Selected applicants table**, has been marked task complete, and the internship is **Complete**.  

* Updated a student’s application status to Not complete when:
  * An applicant is in the **Selected applicants table**, has not been marked task complete, and the internship is **Complete**.

* Updated a student’s application status to **Not selected** when:
  * An applicant is in the **Rejected applicants** or **Applicants table** and the internship is **Complete**.

### Community

* Added the following data points to the community administrators **Education.csv** file:
  * Middle name
  * Expected graduate date

* Revised the messaging that displays on the **Step 1 internship creation** page when there are no cycles available to “This community has no available cycles.”.
* Disabled the internship tracker when editing an internship in a community that does not have an available cycle.
* Updated the community administrators **Selected_applicants.csv** file:
  * Revised the download link text to **Selected_applicants.csv**.
  * Removed the **Withdrawn** column.
  * Removed the **# of internships the applicant has applied to** column.
  * Removed applicants who have withdrawn from an internship.

* Updated the community administrators Rejected_applciants.csv file:
  * Removed the **Withdrawn** column.
  * Removed the **# of internships the applicant has applied to** column.
  * Removed applicants who have withdrawn from an internship.
  * Updated the file name to **Rejected applicants**.

* Updated the **Manage internships** page of a cyclical community
  * Changed the cycle dropdown to default to the most recently created + active cycle.
  * Added text to the cycle selection dropdown to indicate which cycles are active and inactive.

* Updated the **community administrators search application table** to display an applicant’s current application status. 

### Bugs

* Removed an extra space between a student’s first name and last name on the community administrators **Selected_applicants.csv** report.
* Fixed the **accept/decline text** that displays on an applicant’s application detail page so it shows the correct text if they are not selected for an internship.

## Changes made September 15, 2023 
### Opportunities

* Created a feature toggle for the upcoming redesign of opportunities.

### Internships

* Added a modal that displays when a user tries to apply to an internship twice from different browser windows.

### Bugs

* Fixed an issue so the **Related communities** section no longer disappears when a community administrator updates it.
* Fixed the co-owner search feature when adding a co-owner to an opportunity – users now appear in the search.
* Fixed the **Actions** column to display correctly in the **Selected applicants** table.
* Fixed a broken toggle for displaying a community logo in the community banner.
* Fixed an issue so students can no longer apply to multiple internships.

## Changes made September 1, 2023
### Sitewide

* Added the following actions for Sitewide administrators to update internships when are **In progress** or **Complete**:
  * Remove an intern from an internship.
  * Select an intern that was previously rejected.
  * Select an intern that was not previously selected or rejected.
  * Updated all sitewide toggles from a .svg image to HTML.  
 
### Bugs

* Fixed an issue so the community administrators **Manage internships.csv** does not time out.
* Fixed an issue where users were not able to view their internship applications in the **Your internships** table on the dashboard.
* Fixed the **Help Center** link so it does not go to the wrong page.
* Fixed an incorrect validation message on the **Step 1 opportunity creation** page when a user provides an estimated completion date in the past.
* Fixed an issue where the duration of a community would show as a number instead of text when signed in as a community administrator.
